As of version 1.2, here are the new features and what they do;

MultiGrab Toggle:
	A new control that allows you to switch your kobold between only picking up one object, and picking up as many as they can carry. Note this control will do nothing until you've eaten some meat to increase the stat.

Sprint:	
	A new control to let you sprint at 1.5x normal speed. This uses up energy both at the start and over time (if in small amounts) so be careful you don't deplete energy you intend to use! Do note this will also burn excess weight.

Default Kobold Viewer Button:
	the default kobold creator now has a button (right under the menu button) that allows you to remove the background, or background and sliders blocking your view of the kobold

Additional Default Kobold Options:
	Contrast increases the difference between brighter and darker colors, and in game is locked to 0.5 for randomly generated kobolds.
	Color Flip sets the contrast to be negative, which effectively flips the scale and belly colors, among a few others. Note the hue used for breeding is actually the reverse of what it appears, so a red color-flipped kobold is actually Cyan in terms of breeding.
	Dick menu now allows you to start female or with any of the 6 dick types.

Additional Gameplay Options:
	Variable Genetics allows you to set whether children of kobolds are always perfectly in between their parents (set to 0) or can vary in each stat up to being able to duplicate a parent at 1/30 chance (set to 1). Note each stat will vary seperately, so you could have one parent's hue, the other's brightness, and be in between on everyting else. Dick type, boob size, and contrast also don't vary, copying one parent at 50/50 chance.
	Random Egg Stats allows you to determin how often the eggs you buy from the store (or otherwise use random genetics) will hit more extreme values on the edges of the bell curve. 0 is the base game's calculation, while +2 will get you significantly more extreme values and -2 will get you very few if any.
	
Additional Audio Option:
	The new setting allows you to mute or quiet the stomach and drinking gurgle noises either entirely or after a delay which is set with the slider below. Note they will return either after 20 seconds (in the case of mute) or starting from 10 seconds on it not playing (in case of fade).

Other stuff:
	Troughs now hold up to 80 units of fluid, and Watering Cans up to 40, to better facilitate mixing.
	New command /Impulse102 fills your energy bar to max without changing it.
	There are also 7 new animation stations (2 of which are duplicates in new locations, and 4 of which are likely to be added to the base game soon). 


There are likely to be additional features in the future, and possibly might be some small stuff I forgot, but that's the gist of it.

Enjoy!










